Last Updated: March ##, 2024
1. Your Relationship With Us
2. Accepting these Terms
3. Changes to these Terms
4. Your Account with Us
5. Prohibited Uses
6. Plugins
7. We Own the Services
8. Your Content
9. Your obligations to Your End Users
10. Third Party Services
11. Intellectual Property
12. Feedback
13. Indemnity
14. Exclusion of Warranties
15. Limitation of Liability
16. Termination
17. Other Terms


## 1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to MarsCode (the “Platform”)! MarsCode is provided by SPRING (SG) PTE. LTD. or one of its affiliates (“SPRING”, “we” “us”, “our”). For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services (defined below).
These Terms of Service (these “Terms”) set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and its related websites, applications, products, third party services, software, tools, content, and documentation (collectively, the “Services”). You may use the Services to write software applications, scripts, and other code-based products. We may publish operating rules, policies, guidelines and procedures from time to time, which are incorporated herein by reference.
These Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.

## 2. Accepting these Terms
If you do not agree to these Terms, you shall not access the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you confirm that you can enter into a binding contract with us, and that you accept these Terms and agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of the Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy, which can be found directly on the Platform. If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms (listed at the bottom of this page, or otherwise made available to you through the Platform), you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to such jurisdiction. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the "Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific" that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdiction’s Supplemental Terms will supersede and control with respect to the relevant jurisdiction.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (i) “you” and “your” include you and that business or entity, (ii) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the business or entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (iii) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for the access or use of your account, including without limitation any employees, agents or contractors.

## 3. Changes to these Terms
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify these Terms at any time. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on the Platform. However, you should look at these Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflects the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the effective date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.

## 4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of the Services, you may need to create an account with us and log in to your account. When you create your account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us in connection with your account and keep such information up-to-date and complete. You may be able to access the Services by using a third party account ("Third Party Account"). Your access to the Services may be unavailable if the relevant third party service provider of your Third Party Account suspends or terminates your access or our connection to your Third Party Account. Your relationship with the third party service provider of your Third Party Account is governed solely by your agreement with the relevant third party service. 
It is important that you keep your account credentials confidential and that you do not disclose them to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your account credentials or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at:feedback@marscode.com. You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activities that occur under your account.
If you no longer want to use the Services, and would like to have your account deleted, contact us at:feedback@marscode.com and we will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information in connection with your account.

## 5. Prohibited Uses
Ensuring safety and integrity within our ecosystem is paramount. We strive to create an environment where you can engage with our products constructively, securely, and with transparency. 
You will not, and will not permit or assist anyone to, use the Services to:
- produce any output, or upload any input, related to an individual for purposes that could significantly affect that person. This includes, but is not limited to, impersonation, decisions related to credit, payments, education, employment, housing, insurance, legal matters, medical or health decisions, or other substantial determinations;
- generate, express or promote content that:
  - is hateful, defamatory, offensive, abusive, disruptive, tortious or vulgar;
  - is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonize another or is bullying or trolling another;
  - may harass, intimidate, threaten, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset another;
  - is discriminatory, such as discriminating against another based on race, gender, sexuality, religion, nationality, disability or age;
  - facilitates, promotes, incites or glorifies violence or terrorism/extremism;
  - exploits, harms, or attempts to exploit or harm minors or exposes minors to such content; 
  - would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense; or
  - sends any form of unauthorized or unsolicited messages including advertising, promotional materials or spam;
- engage with other developers or with your end users in deceitful, inaccurate, misleading, or harassing ways (including but not limited to passing off or representing generated answers as human-generated, plagiarism or academic dishonesty, disinformation, scams, phishing, or hiding or attempting to hide your identity); 
- use the Services or Your Content (as defined below) in any manner that may violate the privacy rights of any third party, such as unlawfully collecting or disclosing:
  - personally identifiable information (such as addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, identifiers in a personal identity document);
  - educational records;
  - financial information relating to an individual; or
  - other protected records.
- generate pictures depicting a person that appears to be under 18 years old, or transmit personal data of children under 13 years old or below the age-appropriate digital consent age in the applicable jurisdiction;
- engage in or assist in illegal or high-risk activities, including, but not limited to:
  - military and warfare uses;
  - the development of weapons, explosives, or dangerous materials;
  - the management or operation of critical infrastructure (e.g., transportation, energy);
  - the creation or distribution of controlled substances or services;
  - the solicitation or distribution of information in connection with self-harm;
  - activities with a high risk of economic harm (e.g., gambling, automated determinations of eligibility for educational institutions);
  - building software for political purposes such as campaigning or lobbying purposes;
  - analyzing individuals or groups of people for unlawful or discriminatory purposes; or
  - engaging in high-risk government decisions (e.g., law enforcement decisions or regulatory reviews);
- develop artificial intelligence or machine learning models or any products or services in direct competition with MarsCode or other generative services from us and our affiliates; 
- automously or programmatically extract output, or take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, or rent, lease, distribute, license, transfer, or sell the Services or any part thereof;
- create or contribute to security risks for our customers, us, or external parties, or disrupt, harm, or access any software, technology, or services belonging to us or third parties without authorization, or include or attempt to generate malware, viruses, spyware, or any harmful software or code; or
- reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying technologies, algorithms, or models of the Services; or engage in hacking, password "mining", or any other illegitimate means, or disrupt, damage, probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services.

## 6. Plugins. 
"Plugins" enable the Services to communicate with APIs (including third party APIs) and receive information from those APIs. You may use Plugins and make available your Plugins on the Services for use by other developers. Although we are not required to oversee Plugins or their content, we reserve the right to: (i) inspect or test your Plugin for quality assurance and adherence to these Terms; and (ii) eliminate or decline to show any content. 
When the Services interact with an API, they will transmit a Plugin request containing user information. If you publish a Plugin, you may upload an adequate data processing agreement which must be in accordance with applicable laws and is entered into solely between you and the Plugin's author. In the absence of such an agreement, Plugin traffic may be handled only as follows: (i) in compliance with all relevant laws; and (ii) solely to the extent necessary for responding to or executing the instructions in the Plugin request or adhering to applicable laws. We are not responsible for any content or information, from Marscode users or from Plugins, that is sent to your API.

## 7. We Own the Services
The Services are owned by us and our licensors, and we retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Services. We may remove or exclude any of Your Content and/or Plugins from our Services at any time, for any reason or no reason at all.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant to you a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable right to access and use the Services. You acknowledge and agree that we may terminate the license granted to you at any time for breach of these Terms or for any other reason upon written notice to you, unless otherwise prohibited or restricted under applicable laws.

## 8. Your Content
Any content that you create, upload, import, submit, post, display, or otherwise make available (collectively referred to as "make available" hereafter in this Section) on or through the Services, is referred to as "Your Content".  Your Content includes but is not limited to code, text, URLs, or other information, data, datasets, images, videos, audio, documentation and other materials you make available on or through the Services. 
Between you and us, you own Your Content, subject to the license granted to us hereunder to provide the Services. We own and retain all rights to the settings and configurations within the Services, and metadata generated by the Services through their use (collectively, "Service Attributes"). For clarity, Service Attributes do not include any of Your Content.
We may use Your Content (including Plugin data) to provide the Services to you and to users of Your Content (your "end users") if you choose to host it on our Services for third party use, including without limitation troubleshooting, diagnostics, security and safety reviews, and customer support requests. You hereby grant to us, our affiliates and our third party partners (“SPRING Parties”) and other developers and their end users (to the extent you make a Plugin available for third party use) an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual and worldwide license, to reproduce, use, and modify Your Content and Plugins in connection with the provision of the Services to you and your end users (as applicable), to the extent permitted by applicable laws. 
You represent and warrant that any names, slogans, trademarks, logos and other designations you use in association with Your Content or any Plugin you make available to the Services are owned by or duly licensed to you. You hereby grant SPRING Parties a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, modify, reproduce, display, and distribute your relevant names, slogans, trademarks, logos and other designations on the Services for the purposes of operating and providing the Services to you and your end users, and any applicable Plugin end users.
You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, authorizations or clearance to make Your Content available to the Services (including providing any required notice and obtaining all required consents for the relevant data processing and data sharing in compliance with applicable laws), and to grant the rights granted by you under these Terms. 
You expressly acknowledge and agree that we may disclose Your Content to comply with applicable laws, enforce these Terms, prevent fraud, fix security or technical issues, or in other circumstances we deem necessary as per the applicable laws. If Your Content contains personal data, you are responsible and accountable for such data. 

## 9. Your Obligations to Your End Users
We offer the Services to you. Any person who accesses or uses Your Content is considered your "end user". We have no direct relationship with your end users with respect to such end users' use of Your Content. We are not responsible for how you handle the data of your end users.
You are solely responsible for notifying and obtaining consents from your end users in connection with any use of the Services and your operation of Your Content. Before collecting or using any end user information, you must provide clear notice and obtain necessary consents for such collection or use. Your notice must be provided and the requisite consents must be obtained in compliance with applicable laws. You must have a privacy policy or notice which is clearly displayed to all end users, which accurately describes the information you collect and how you use and share it with us and third parties, and which complies with applicable laws.
You must ensure that Your Content is appropriate for the age of your end users. If the end user's age is unclear, Your Content must be appropriate for all ages. Your Content should not be intended for children under 18 years old. You are solely responsible for safeguarding the data of your end users in connection with your use of the Services, and you are not permitted to store end user data on MarsCode systems. If there is a breach or leak of your end user data, you must promptly notify us with details of the cause, remediation steps, and preventative measures.
You must respond to end users who wish to exercise their privacy rights under applicable laws regarding the information collected through your use of the Services. We are not a data controller for such information. You must comply with data protection laws and other applicable laws. You must take steps to ensure your end users comply with applicable laws in connection with Your Content. You are solely responsible for any personal injury or property damage resulting from your use of the Services.

## 10. Third Party Services
The Services may include third party services, including without limitation third party large language models ("LLMs"), Plugins, and APIs. You acknowledge and agree that third party services are provided to you by applicable third party service providers. You are subject to and must comply with additional terms and conditions (e.g., user terms, acceptable use policies, privacy policies, and content policies) published or otherwise made available by the applicable third parties. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the third party LLMs, Plugins, and APIs may be subject to conditions established by such third parties (e.g., a third party LLM may refuse to generate output for you if your input is harmful or contains improper content).
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, as mentioned, the Services may be powered by one or more third party services. To enable you to use the Services, Your Content may be shared with such third parties (e.g., enabling a third party LLM to generate output). We are not responsible for the output generated or other content made available by third party services which may directly or indirectly power output. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any output or other content or services provided by or through such third party services. To the extent your use of the Services accesses third party LLMs, Plugins, or APIs, your end users' data will be processed according to the third parties' terms.

## 11. Intellectual Property
We respect intellectual property rights and require you to do the same. Without limiting the generality of rights reserved elsewhere in these Terms, we reserve the right to respond to suspected infringement of intellectual property or publicity rights by: (i) blocking your access to the Services, (ii) terminating your account for the Services, (iii) removing or blocking Your Content or Plugin, or (iv) taking other actions we deem appropriate.
The code generation capabilities of the Services are designed to generate new, original code. Attempting to generate existing, copyrighted code via specific requests or other prompt manipulation is a violation of these Terms. If you encounter an inappropriate response or output from the Services that violates applicable laws, or if you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please contact us at:feedback@marscode.com.
Written claims alleging copyright infringement must include the following information:
- a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
- a description of the copyrighted work that has been infringed, and a statement of rights secured over the same;
- a description of the infringing material and where the same is located on the site;
- address, telephone number, and e-mail address of the copyright owner or its agent;
- a statement that the person submitting the claim has certain knowledge that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the laws; and
- a statement by the person submitting the claim, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in the notice is accurate and that the person submitting the claim is the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

## 12. Feedback
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, and suggestions we receive from users. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, responses, refinements, technologies, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively, the “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply. By sending us Feedback, you agree that:
- we have no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or any part of any Feedback for any reason;
- Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any part of any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
- you irrevocably grant SPRING Parties a perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified, to the extent permitted by the applicable laws.

## 13. Indemnity
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS SPRING PARTIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND ADVISORS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND EXPENSES, ARISING OUT OF A BREACH BY YOU OR ANY USER OF YOUR ACCOUNT OF THESE TERMS OR THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE THIRD PARTY LLMS, YOUR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, YOUR FRAUD OR OTHER ILLEGAL ACTS, OR YOUR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREEVOCABLY RELEASE SPRING PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, FINES, INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTE.  THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THIS SECTION 13 ("INDEMNITY") WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF THESE TERMS. 

## 14. Exclusion of Warranties
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS WILL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, RELATING TO THE SERVICES. THIS INCLUDES BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND QUIET ENJOYMENT, AS WELL AS ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, BUG-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, OR THAT CONTENT OR INFORMATION WILL BE SECURE, UNALTERED, OR NOT BE LOST. IN PARTICULAR, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
  - YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
  - ANY CODE, SUGGESTIONS, OR OTHER OUTPUT OR OTHER INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE, UP-TO-DATE, RELIABLE, NON-INFRINGING OR SECURE; OR
  - DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW, OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM OR SERVICES FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE AND WITHOUT LIABILITY.

## 15. Limitation of Liability
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS. 
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
  - ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR BUSINESS (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY);
  - ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION;
  - ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY;
  - ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU;
  - ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU; OR
  - ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:
    - ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURE OR CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES);
    - THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
    - YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR
    - YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE OR NETWORK CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING DATA CHARGES. IF YOU ARE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR MOBILE OR NETWORK SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.

## 16. Termination
These Terms will remain effective unless terminated.
You may terminate your use of the Services at any time. We reserve the rights to terminate your account, remove Your Content or Plugin, and/or block the distribution, deployment, or compilation of Your Content or Plugin at any time. If we terminate your account or you delete your account, these Terms between you and us will automatically terminate. 
The right and license you grant to SPRING Parties or other parties under these Terms, and any section of these Terms which, by their nature, should survive the termination of these Terms, shall survive the termination of these Terms.

## 17. Other Terms
- Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. Subject to the "Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific", these Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Section. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The arbitration language will be English. Both parties agree, to the maximum extent permitted by law, that any claims against each other must be brought on an individual basis and not as part of a class, consolidated, or representative proceeding.
- Open Source. The Services may contain certain open source software. Each instance of open source software may be subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found at Open Source Notice.
- Entire Agreement. These Terms (including "the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific" below and other agreements, terms, policies, guidelines and documents incorporated herein by reference) constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Services and supersede any prior agreements, communications or understandings between you and us on that subject. These Terms will be binding upon and will inure to the benefits of our and your successors, heirs and permitted assigns, respectively.
- Assignment. Each party may not assign or transfer these Terms, except that we may assign or transfer these Terms or our rights or obligations hereunder to our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
- Age Limit. The Services are only for people 18 years old and over (with additional limits that may be set forth in the "Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific"). By using the Services, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified herein. If we learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Services, we will terminate that account.
- No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
- Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of these Terms, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
- Trade Controls. The Services operate from servers within the United States, and your output may be subject to the United States Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"). By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that:
  - you are exclusively responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services and your Content, including output, comply with all applicable trade compliance laws, including but not limited to the EAR and sanctions administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”).  For avoidance of doubt, your responsibility includes identifying and complying with any trade compliance obligations associated with your use of the Services;
  - you are not identified on any list of restricted or prohibited parties maintained by the U.S. government, including but not limited to the Bureau of Industry and Security’s (“BIS”) Entity List and OFAC’s list of Specially Designated Nationals (“SDN List”), and that your organization is not owned or controlled by any party identified on the SDN List;
  - you will not use the Services for, or in support of, any prohibited end use identified in the EAR, 15 CFR 744, or in, for, or on behalf of any country or region subject to comprehensive U.S. sanctions (including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the LNR, DNR, and Crimea regions of Ukraine), Belarus, or Russia; and
  - Your Content will not include any information that requires governmental authorization for release or export.
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific 
Indonesia. If you are using our Services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
- Accepting these Terms. By participating in the Services, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old, you are not married or you are under guardianship, your account must be opened under the name of your parent(s) or guardian(s). Further, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) unless you indicate otherwise. By consenting, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to the Services; (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of any of the Services (as applicable); (iii) your compliance with these Terms; and (iv) ensuring that any of your participation in Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Services.
- Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Indonesia. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Indonesian National Arbitration Board (Badan Arbitrase Nasional Indonesia or "BANI") located at Wahana Graha Lt. 1&2, Jalan Mampang Prapatan No. 2, Jakarta 12760 as at the date of these Terms. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Rules of BANI for the time being in force ("Rules"), which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section except where such Rules conflict with the provisions of this section, in which event the provisions of this section shall prevail. The seat and venue of arbitration shall be Jakarta. The language of arbitration shall be English.
We and you shall request the arbitrator to include in his/her award an authorization to the party in whose favor the award is issued to register at the relevant district court in Indonesia in accordance with Law No. 30 of 1999 on Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution ("Arbitration Law").
We and you agree that the BANI arbitration award is final, binding and cannot be disputed by us or you. We and you hereby waive, to the fullest extent possible, any right to appeal or challenge any award, as well as any immunity or privilege that it may have in relation to the validity or enforceability of an arbitral award or any decision relating to the same. We and you also agree to waive the applicability of Article 48 of the Arbitration Law such that the arbitration needs to be completed within a specified timeframe.
- Limitation of Liabilities. No limitation of liabilities set out in Section 13 (Limitation of Liability) above shall be applicable to the extent any loss or damage is incurred by you as a result of our willful misconduct or negligence.
- Waiver. We and you expressly agree to waive and set aside our respective rights and obligations under any applicable laws in the event of any termination of these Terms to the extent that such law requires any judicial pronouncement for the termination of these Terms.
- Language. These Terms are prepared in the English language and Indonesian language. In the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English text and Indonesian text, the English text shall prevail and the relevant Indonesian text shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with and to make the relevant Indonesian text consistent with the relevant English text. You acknowledge that you have read these Terms and understand the content of these Terms and that these Terms have been entered into freely and without duress. You agree that you will not use the provisions under Law of the Republic of Indonesia No. 24 of 2009 on Flag, Language, State Emblem and National Anthem or any of its implementing regulations to invalidate these Terms.

Mexico. If you are using our Services in Mexico, the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
- Input and Output. The moral rights in connection with your input shall not be waived, nor any portion thereof, on the understanding that the enforcement of such rights shall not affect in any manner the normal exploitation of the patrimonial rights in and over your Input, or any other right granted to SPRING Parties, in accordance with these Terms.
- Limitation of Liabilities. Notwithstanding Section 13 above, we shall only be liable for immediate and direct damages that derive from our willful or negligent misconduct once a Court resolution has issued a final and binding ruling.
- Termination. Notwithstanding Section 14 above, except if a breach to these Terms arises, in the event we terminate your use of the Service or these Terms, or delete your account for any other reasons, we will notify you in advance, unless the notification is prohibited due to legal reasons or would reasonably be deemed to incur harm to you, third parties, or us or our affiliates.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. Notwithstanding Section 15 a. above, these Terms and their subject matter and formation, are governed by the Federal laws of Mexico. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by the competent Courts in Mexico City.
- Language. The Spanish version of these Terms shall take precedence, and this English version of the Terms exist for reference purposes only, in order to comply with the Mexican Consumer Protection Law.
If you are under age 18, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. Please be sure your parent or legal guardian has reviewed, discussed and agreed to these Terms, with you.

Malaysia. Any contract in respect of the usage of the Services is deemed concluded between yourselves and SPRING in Singapore and the laws of Singapore shall govern and prevail.

Thailand. If you are using our Services in Thailand, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
- Accepting the Terms. By accepting these Terms or otherwise using the Services, you represent that you are at least aged 20 or above. If you are below the age of 20, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s). By consenting, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all your actions in connection with your use of the Services, (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of the Services (as applicable), (iii) your compliance with these Terms, and (iv) ensuring that any of your use of Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protection. If you are below the age of 20 and have not obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s), you must cease accessing the Services.
- Language. These Terms have been prepared in the English language and Thai language. In the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English text and Thai text, the English text shall prevail and the relevant Thai text shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with and to make the relevant Thai text consistent with the relevant English text.

Vietnam. If you are using our Services in Vietnam, the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
- Accepting the Terms. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age or not under guardianship. If you are (i) below 18 years old or (ii) under guardianship, your account must be opened and managed by your parent(s) or guardian(s). Further, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) unless you indicate otherwise. By consenting to these Terms, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all actions in connection with your access to the Services, (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of the Services (as applicable), (iii) your compliance with these Terms, and (iv) ensuring that any of your use of the Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protection. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Services.
- Changes to these Terms or the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we notify you of any changes to these Terms through a notice on the Services or a push notification, such updated Terms will constitute a new binding agreement between you and us. For the avoidance of doubt, the updated Terms will supersede the existing ones, with the effective date provided in the notice or the push notification. Your continued access to or use of the Services after you have received the notice or the push notification constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms. You agree that your continued access to or use of the Services can be made after you complete the reading and understanding of the whole updated Terms, and confirm that you have fully understood the updated Terms and that you (i) accept such updated Terms, and (ii) comply with them. If you have not done so, you must stop accessing or using the Services. We will not be responsible for any unauthorized use of the Services.
- Language. These Terms have been prepared in the English language and other language(s), including Vietnamese. In the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English text and Vietnamese text, the English text shall prevail and the relevant Vietnamese text shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with and to make the relevant Vietnamese text consistent with the relevant English text.
